How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Since it was a typo and by looking at the difference between the two files we know that we did not have intend to change it. SO we can find the typing bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    We will have a history of evolution of any application. And if the newer version is giving some unrecoverable error then we will always have flexibility to undo it to last working stage.
    we can also go to history and check all the changes made by anyone.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    It is easier than having different versions of files in google docs. and when there are multiple files of large size it will become a cumbersome process to save them all each and every time.
    but in case of manual commits it could be too frequent or too large to commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git is specifically build to control versions of programs while google doc has different purpose.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

   git log is used to see different commit points taken in the past. 
   git diff is used to see the difference between the two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    We will always have the flexibility to revert to last working version of the program.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

   I did not setup any workspace. 
   
   What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

   It may merge when we do not want to merge. and manual could be a burdon in some of the cases.
